these little guys they look pretty alien
and terrifying so we've got what four
different species here four different
species here and they're actually over
2000 different species but they've all
got the same basic body plan and they've
got these incredible motion sensing eyes
you see the switch on
they've all got this a praying posture
where the name comes from so these guys
kind of deadly in their own sort of
right are they absolutely yeah their
reason to be scary I mean some of the
big guys can't even take down
hummingbirds and mice and things like
that so they really are fearsome ambush
predators sorry you basically ready for
slow-mo I'm ready when you are so yeah
that's about two centimeters if it comes
to the top so let's get the stars
[Music]
wouldn't do that wouldn't do that
Oh got him
[Music]
so just see ya just closes up like a
vise mr. Kwik it's kind of trapped by a
tent of needles there I was really nice
was their vision actually they've got
these really clever eyes the compound
eyes all sort of arthropods have them do
they got what we call ommatidia so I can
almost like a pipe like I all point in
different directions if you serve like a
really macro photos they look like this
if covered in tiny bumps is that the
same as a fly or a spike yeah exactly
and so these guys any motion difference
is clock on so their eyes are very good
but ICT honest hasn't seen that occur
today he's always wrong the on the
cricket but his arms just going
somewhere else
okay we got it all right okay
[Music]
because really goes up and then down oh
no I'm still just maintaining his
position with with no problem it's
amazingly strong actually we're being
quite lucky so far so hopefully he says
lucky expert wrangling Oh beauty oh that
look is gonna be hope
[Music]
I'm actually I can't believe that it
went so quickly and so well ah that's
what you get with mantids being such
great predators
you